additional parameter to support parametrized name of menu (#3)
insightsengineering/r-pkgdown-multiversion: README.md

* As a pre-requisite require R package documentation generated by R function `pkgdown::build_site` (included in example as job `pkgdown`)
* Versioning - release naming convention like `v0.0.1`.

> * tag specific documentation have to be pushed to `gh-pages` subfolder with `tag` name (step `Unpack release pkgdown to tag dedicated subfolder` in example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag specific documentation have to be pushed to `gh-pages` subfolder with the `tag` name (step `Unpack release pkgdown to tag dedicated subfolder` in the example below).
```

* To publish multi-version documentation on Github Pages

>   * `gh-pages` branch have to be checked out before `multiversion-docs` step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `gh-pages` branch have to be checked out before the execution of the`multiversion-docs` step.
```

>   * changed files have to be pushed after this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed files have to be pushed after this step.
```

```yaml
---
name: Pkgdown docs with Multi-version site

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
    tags:
      - "v*"
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  # additional job to create pkgdown documentation for R package 

>   # and unpack pkgdown documentation to tag/release specific folders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # and unpack pkgdown documentation to tag/release specific folders
```
```suggestion
  # and unpack pkgdown documentation to tag/release specific folders with the same name
```

>   # with this same name

Reviewer: To be added to line 39.

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    container:
      image: rocker/verse:4.1.0
    needs: 
      - pkgdown
    steps:
      - name: Checkout GH pages branch
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
        with:
          ref: gh-pages

      - name: Build multi-version doc
        uses: insightsengineering/r-pkgdown-multisite@v1
        env:
          GITHUB_PAT: ${{ secrets.REPO_GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          MS_ADD_LINKS_AFTER: "Reference"

      - name: Setup github user 👤
        run: |
          git config --local user.email "actions@github.com"
          git config --local user.name "GitHub Actions"

      - name: Push changes, if any
        uses: EndBug/add-and-commit@v7
        with:
          branch: gh-pages

```

## Inputs

* `path`:

    _Description_: Path to package's root

    _Required_: false

    _Default_: "."

* `release_name`:

    _Description_: latest/main, pre-release or new_tag_string (e.g. "v0.8.0") which will be used for R script to change links

    _Required_: true

    _Default_: "main"

## Environments variables

Environment variables that allow to change how the solution works.

* `MS_ADD_LINKS_AFTER`:

>     _Description_: Add links to documentation menu as a next to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _Description_: Add links to documentation menu next to each item.
```

    Additional information:

>   * If R package contains file `NEWS.md` than `pkgdown` create two menus _Reference_  and  _Changelog_. This happens most often and that's a reason why value `Changelog` is configured by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If an R package contains the `NEWS.md` file, then `pkgdown` creates two menus _Reference_  and  _Changelog_. This happens most often and it is the reason why the `Changelog`  value is configured by default.
```

>   * First menu _Reference_ is created always.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * First menu _Reference_ is created by default.
```

## Inputs

* `path`:

    _Description_: Path to package's root

    _Required_: false

    _Default_: "."

* `release_name`:

    _Description_: latest/main, pre-release or new_tag_string (e.g. "v0.8.0") which will be used for R script to change links

    _Required_: true

    _Default_: "main"

## Environments variables

> Enviromant variables to change how solution work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables that allow to change how the solution works.
```

* `MS_ADD_LINKS_AFTER`:

>     _Description_: Add links to documentation after anchor contains the value. `NEWS.md` file content is used by `pkgdown` to create _Changelog_ site and

Reviewer: Lines 171 & 172 are unclear, maybe more context could be added? Especially this part "to create _Changelog_ site and link to otherwise there can be only the _Reference_ menu"

Author: @KlaudiaBB pls looks on it now
